The Joe Rogan experience.
It's way more fascinating when someone like you talks about it versus some
random kook. Yeah. That's,
that's what it makes me incredibly interested is the,
just your credibility in the fact that this is not,
you don't have a history of seeing wacky that other people don't see,
not just this once and, but it's on video and that there's other ones as well.
It's really strange.
I've seen people try to explain it away and what I don't like about when they
explain it away or attempt to explain it away is that they're trying really
hard. They're not going, who knows what this thing is.
They're not looking at it like cleanly.
They're looking at it like a quote unquote skeptic.
I don't like the idea of being a skeptic.
Not that I don't think you should be skeptical of certain things.
I certainly think you should be,
but there's a lot of people that brand themselves as skeptics.
And I think it's a lazy way to look at things I really do,
because I think you're just looking for the holes and things without looking at
it objectively. If you want it to be a scientist,
if you want it to be someone who is a, a fan of science,
then you have to look at it as a thing,
like look at this information and let's study this without any bias,
any preconceived notions. I don't think they're doing that.
They're looking at it.
And they're trying to find a way where they can justify that it's fake.
And they're,
they're just doing all sorts of mental gymnastics to try to make it fake,
that video that you show where that thing slips off to the left and takes off at
incredible rates of speed. That alone should freak people the out.
Yeah. Well I think because people confuse all the time,
like we took the video and it was another crew that took the video.
We watched it for five minutes with our eyeballs and there was four of us and we
all have the same story. We all saw the same stuff.
We all came back and looked at each other and scratched our head and said, WTF,
you know, I mean serious. What was that? Um, you know,
and then what do you do? You, you move on. We never saw it again.
Um, I imagine they probably saw them on radar after that, but I think they're.
Probably seeing them on radar all the time.
They just don't bring it to the attention of the general public. Oh yeah.
Because if you don't, you know, for,
for a ship when they see something and you know, you know, what is that? Well,
you don't have any way to go out there and look at it.
Right? Like when you were talking about how they were informing you,
that they were seeing these things previous to your, uh,
your mission when you were doing this exercise and they let you
know that they're seeing these things, did you say, Hey, how frequent is this?
Is this something that happens all the time?
Um, I didn't get into that. Ours was more of the moment of, you know,
when he's telling us, Hey, for the last two weeks,
we've been tracking these things and we don't know what the they are.
But you don't know whether or not it was just those two weeks or maybe it was a
year ago. There was other similar situations or.
So other situations that have happened out there. But I would say, you know,
for this, I don't even know when you got to take it serious. We have a tendency.
If we don't know what it is, if we just ignore it, it'll go away. You know?
And I joke, you know, there was an incident years.
Sprint is probably not too far off the same timeframe,
but I think it was like the constellation was doing her workups before she got
to decommission and an Oscar class,
a Soviet Oscar class submarine surfaced behind her. Right.
And then it's now it's like, you know, go to battle stations, world war three,
how did this,
how did this foreign submarine get in our area and spend monitoring our workups?
That's a big deal, right? I said,
but now we go out and we have these things that are coming at will,
and there's nothing we can do about it. We don't know what they are.
We have confirmed sighting by two air crew, four of us,
two planes that said, look, this is not, this is not an airplane.
This is not a weather balloon. This is not a blip. It has performance.
Well beyond, you know,
in the airplanes that we were flying at the time were literally brand new,
super Hornets, right out of the Boeing factory. I mean, these, these,
these were brand new, uh, first block to series that came out and you go,
why wasn't something done? You know, it's like, oh, we don't know what it is.
I think it's good. Now, you know, the moves that have happened over the last,
you know, two years since the original article came out, that, you know,
they're there. Now there's a new reporting for the pilots.
The Navy's acknowledged, Hey, these things, we don't know what they were.
You know, they're, they're starting to take it serious because, you know,
I know there are other events that are not out, um,
recent events where people have been called in to go, Hey, I've seen this thing.
So the investigation process is still going on. You know, we don't,
we don't stop in the military. Doesn't stop. Even if you take funding away,
we don't stop. You know, we don't stop until we're told to stop. So,
you know, what's, what's going on. I, you know, you go, well, a tip ended,
you know, they spent four and a half million dollars a year on it.
I think it was four. And it's 22 million over the five years. So you go,
what are they doing since then? Well, I mean,
I'm pretty sure there's still people looking at this and there's still people
that are taking this serious. I will tell you that, uh,
I won't get into specifics, but there are,
there are people inside the United States government that are taking this
serious. And I've been, I've went down to DC twice to talk to folks,
you know, behind closed doors to go. Cause they want to hear the story.
And I've got a lot of, you gotta be joking. I mean, this,
this seriously happened. And, and, and I'm like, yeah, it did happen.
And it is real, you know, what are you doing? So.
What kind of people are you talking to.
High level government officials is what I'll say.
And most of that is because that conversation is between me and them.
And I don't want people speculating, but you can say, um,
high-level government officials I have talked to, well.
That was always the speculation about like,
what would someone do if they became president? Well,
the first thing I would do is I would tell everybody about the UFO's I would ask
immediately what's going on? And I always thought about, I said,
how many people actually know what's going on? And how much of the information,
I mean, it's not like if they're dealing with something like this, like your,
your experience,
it seems like what you described is what is known.
So it's this anomalous event with this thing
defies our current understanding of technology, and then it's gone.
And so what do you have? You don't have anything else other than that?
Like what other information does anybody have?
Well, I would say, I would say this because I've talked to Bob, Bob Lozar yeah,
we did an event together and I'll leave it to everyone to,
if it's up to you to believe Bob, I'll say this Bob's a normal guy.
Bob's not crazy.
This is not crazy at all at all. That was the weirdest thing about talking. But.
When you, when you look at it and go, cause I had asked Bob, I said,
w what he describes in the technology that when he talks about his, his story,
I said, well, do you honestly think we could, you know, reverse engineer it?
I said, how long do you think it would take us?
And his response to me was another a hundred years. He goes,
David was so far beyond, he goes the stuff that he says, he worked on.
He's like, you know, you, you, he was on your podcast. Cause I watched it,
you know, Hey, there was no wires. And cause I had asked him when he said,
you first described the ship that he got to see. He said, I used to say,
you know, they built it. And then it was like wax and you'd heat it up. He goes,
now I would say it was built with 3d printing because now with 3d printing we
can build things literally from the ground up. And it'd be,
it's basically built as one, not panels, no rivets. It's just made.
And um, so when you talk about that and you go, well,
it's still another a hundred years. So you go, well,
what if you had the technology? We still, if, if, if what Bob says is correct,
we still don't understand it. And how fast would it take us to understand that?
I mean, if it's, if it's driven by something that we don't even have on earth,
which is when he talks about that element, um,
we can't create it. You know, we can create it for a microsecond and then it,
you know, it, it decays and we call them at one 15. Yeah. So, you know,
I think we're there. We're still a long ways off, you know,
I'll argue with the people that go, you know, are we really alone?
I was telling Jeremy, we used to go out on, on goggles in the middle of Pacific.
There's no light pollution night vision goggles. So we can see, well,
you go out at night and he'd, I'd be on like a tanker hopper.
So I'm just hanging out, not doing anything,
drive around in circles with the autopilot on you just turn all the lights down
in the cockpit.
So you have no night light pollution and just roll your head back and look up.
There's billions and billions and billions of stars out there. And you know,
I always look up cause I'm like, you know, are we alone? And I go,
I'd look up and go. Well, if we're the only ones around and that's,
and I'm looking at everything, I'm looking at some, it's a pretty sad place.
It's a pretty lonely universe. I asked my astrophysics, prof that once I said,
you believe in extra terrestrial life. And she's like, of course not.
And I said, well, there's billions and billions of planets. You think we're it?
I mean, just the, the probability of it is you'd go, oh,
there's probably something else out there. And I'm not crazy.
I'm just opening up the possibility that we are not the only planet that has on
it.
I think people don't like to seem silly. They don't like to be foolish.
And I think when people start talking about anything,
that's not proven or anything,
that's connected to a bunch of loony people that are making up stories,
which UFO certainly are UFO's are connected to so many people that have made up
so many stories. What was that gentleman's name from sweat?
You would know that guy who was from another country,
Billy something or another Billy Meyer seems a hundred percent full of.
Yeah. He is proven to have done tons of hoaxes with this, but here's the deal.
Sometimes I think people have a real experience and they're always like chasing
that dragon and they get UFO disease and the brain goes Bismarck. Right.
I know that there are people that have had profound experiences and then they
can't ever replicate them.
So then they just start going crazy and I don't blame them for it.
But you got someone like commander Fravor when he saw that AAV anomalous
aerospace vehicle, his reaction was, I want to fly it.
That's a pretty cool reaction. I'd like to fly it. Imagine I that thing.
Well, that's what I told my buddy. He was my XO at the time Dell, I had got PAC.
After all this happened, he looks at me and we're just standing ready.
Or when he goes, Hey dude, I go and he goes, what, what do you think it is?
I go, I have no idea, but it was pretty freaking impressive.
And I'd like to fly it. Of course. And he goes, yeah, I go, I mean, it was,
it was, you know, it's just like any pot.
You always want to find the coolest thing.
Yeah, of course you race car driver. You want to drive the fastest car.
That's it. Now you look at and go, well, that's some we don't have. Yeah. Th.
This idea that, you know, maybe we're not alone,
that some of these other stars have planets that are maybe technologically
advanced. So the next thing people say, and you know,
new areas are going to say, well,
they're not coming here because the distance is so vast.
Hold the up from the very beginning.
When Bob was our came forward and talked about field propulsion, gravity,
propulsion distance becomes completely irrelevant.
So if we believe the, and the radars, right, and commander,
Fravor saw this thing, moving like a ping pong ball, glass of water,
it's gravity propelled.
That's why you can make those maneuvers without exploding. Okay.
Then distance becomes completely irrelevant for travel.
You're literally warping time and space. You're falling into place.
Well,
it's like the idea of showing someone a video on your phone long before video
was ever invented people. Like, what are you talking about?
Like before photography was invented, which is shockingly recent, right?
You got to draw pictures of things you saw just like those people that drew or
painted that,
those images of those men in whatever those things were with Christ in the
background. He,
the idea that we could understand what some insanely impressive technology
from a planet that is nowhere near us could,
could manifest. That's great. It's nuts.
Yeah. Bob, Bob art talks a lot about this. Remember he's a young guy, right?
In 1989, he gets shown something.
And all of a sudden he's trying to interpret it through 1989 technology.
So he said, it looks like it was injection molded and cause that's what he had.
And then I sent him this thing about nanotechnology and you know,
working towards an atomic printer. He's like, dude, that makes a lot more sense.
So he has to view it through where he saw it in 1989. However, I will say this.
It is my knowledge that we understand exactly how these craft work.
Our one limiting factor is our material science. We can't replicate,
not the fuel source itself is another. And you say,
we know exactly how they work. It doesn't break our laws of physics.
This concept of amplification of gravity,
this concept of gravity propulsion.
We understand how things can move from point a to point B almost instantaneously
w our physics doesn't disallow it,
but our material science and the fuel to create that machine,
that we, we have machines from other places. So we have mean, well,
Bob Alizar, whether you believe him or not. Um,
there was a program I have other witnesses that I will be bringing forward about
S four, where he worked. We have, you.
Have other witnesses that worked with alongside.
Bob. Oh,
the corroborate Bob's account in that they
saw him get on and off the red and whites, the Janet flights that come on,
somebody that went to papoose lake and was stopped by, by, uh,
non-military guards. At that time,
people that were aware of it site for and ITI exploitation
projects.
One is an Sr 71 pilot that I've been talking with for a couple of years.
These people are coming forward now. And it's like,
I'm sick and tired of doing it. These little nitpicky things about Bob, okay.
There was a program there, there was a back engineering program.
They've admitted their materials.
So this is like the metamaterials you heard about in the New York times.
All that we have materials associated with UFO's that are interesting.
What is that? What are you talking about?
So this was something that was launched in the first New York times article,
I believe in December of 2017,
that there is studies being done right now on materials associated with
UFO's right.
So actual metals that have come off of you could say crashes.
Who was that,
that explained that there was something that they were with Eric Weinstein that
was explaining that there was someone who reportedly has something along.
Those lines. Valet has 17 samples.
17 Samples. How does one guy get 17 samples?
He's Jack valet, right? So he is the first ever for the United States.
Military created a computer program for, you know,
for the study of UFO's for project blue books. He's an old school guy.
They modeled him after in the close encounters movie,
it's modeled after jock valet, the French guy.
So he's kinda like been involved with this.
He's had more access to government databases than any of us.
He went around and collected samples from known, you know, crashes,
or like when things will come off and what's the conclusion, well,
they're studying them right now.
There was just something on Fox about they're studying some of these materials
and what they will find, because I actually, the ones they're talking about,
I actually took to New Mexico and had five scientists study it. Um,
about five years, I got my hands on it, got to study it,
the famous parts they're talking about now it's layered.
And the way it's layered is what they're trying to see if it's anomalous Ella
mentally, or the way that they're, the elements are bound together.
And also the, the atomic level of, of layering is what's interesting.
We'll find out if it's explain.
What you're talking about. What is this thing that you saw?
Okay, well, there is, there are a lot of different samples,
but when you get a sample of something and you can hop into these samples, uh,
the ones that, that I looked at, um,
they ranged from about this size down there,
they range from the size of orange. Yeah.
Size of no orange to the size of a quarter. These are materials, right?
The materials from a crash. So that's the allegedly, or there's a known crash.
This is in the public domain rather than, you know, government controlled.
So what we were, what I was looking at,
or having the scientists look at is isotopically and Ella, mentally,
what are the elements that are in this? Are they engineered?
And what's the conclusion? Well, I, I'm not, uh,
I'm gonna leave it to the people that are doing it now who have much better
machines than I had.
Actually cliff notes.
Yeah. They, from what I understand, there's, um, uh,
atomic layering, there, there are levels of it. Like we do with graphing.
We laid down these layers that are, uh, basically oriented at a certain degree.
That's how you get a superconductor or something like that.
If you take a piece of graphing and you, and it's highly machined, so it's not,
doesn't deviate from that atomic layering, you can push it right through ice,
like hot knife through butter. It's the weirdest feeling in the world.
Cause you just take this piece of what feels like graphing.
And it goes right through butter because it's a superconductor and the heat from
your hand melts the ice. So that, that is a metamaterial. It doesn't occur.
Naturally humans created it and it has special properties because of the
way it's atomically layered. So if these materials are from somewhere else,
then we suspect that they're going to be highly machined,
that they're going to be created for special use.
So my whole point is our material science has not caught up with the
physics that we understand for these field propulsion systems.
I'm just telling you believe me or not, but you'll hear more about it. That,
that our material science in 1989 and today is our limiting
factor. And as our material, science gets better as humans.
We know how these things work. Now, the fuel source,
that's a whole nother conversation,
but as far as creating these machines, that's what we're trying to do.
That's why there is secrecy.
We're trying to exploit the technology because whoever exploits it first wins.
It's a game changer. We don't want Russia to do it.
We don't want China to do it. If we had a non reactionary propulsion system,
the world would look different instantaneously. Okay.